What're you blabbering on about?
You have that lizard to heal you,
so what do you need healing crystals for?
Right back at you!
You fight from the safest position,
so do you even need healing crystals?!
Of course I do.
I'm not a cutesy little idol like you, Silica-chan,
so the boys won't heal me.
H-Hey, let's take it easy...
Fine.
You can have them.
I'll never party with you again.
Party invitations practically fall into my lap, after all.
W-Wait, Silica-chan!
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
I'm out of healing items!
Pina!
Pina! Pina!
Pina...
Pina!
Pina! Pina!
Pina...
Don't leave me alone...
Pina!
What's that feather?
It's Pina.
My partner...
You're a beast tamer?
Sorry.
I didn't make it in time to save your friend.
No...
It's because I was being reckless.
I was in way over my head, thinking I could waltz out of here alone.
Thank you very much... for saving me.
Pina's Soul
Does that feather
have an item name or something?
Don't cry.
As long as you have Pina's soul, it's still possible to resurrect her.
Really?
Yes.
In the southern part of the 47th Floor,
there's a field dungeon called the Hill of Memories.
I've heard that the flower at its
summit can resurrect a familiar.
The 47th Floor...
If you reimbursed me, I'd get it for you, but...
Apparently, the flower only blooms in the presence of a beast tamer.
The information alone is more than I could ask for.
If I work hard to level up, someday I'll...
Familiars can only be revived within three days after their death.
No way...
It's all my fault...
I'm sorry, Pina.
Don't worry.
Three days are plenty.
These equips will provide a stat boost of at least five extra levels.
If we go together, you should be able to manage.
Why would you go so far for me?
If you promise not to laugh, I'll tell you.
I promise.
It's because...
you look like my sister.
I'm sorry.
Um, I'm sure the equipment's worth a lot more than I can afford, but...
No, don't worry about it.
It's not like I'm going out of my way to help you, after all.
Oh, my name is Silica.
I'm Kirito.
I hope we get along during our time together.
Oh, it's Silica-chan!
You were in that forest all day.
We were getting worried.
U-Um—
Party with us next time.
We can go wherever you want!
I appreciate the offer, but...
I've decided to party with this guy for a while.
Sorry.
I'm sorry for troubling you.
Are they your fans?
You sure are popular.
No...
I'm sure they only intend for me to be the party's mascot.
But even though I realized that,
I got conceited when they started calling me Dragon Tamer Silica...
Don't worry about it.
We'll definitely make it in time.
Right.
Where's your home?
It's on the 50th Floor, but...
it'll be easier if we stick together, so I think I'll spend the night here.
Really?
The cheesecake here is pretty good, you know!
Well, if it isn't Silica?
Wow, you made it out of the forest?
Good for you.
Something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Hm?
Where's the lizard?
Don't tell me it...
Pina died.
But, I'll resurrect her, no matter what!
Oh?
So you're planning to go to the Hill of Memories?
Though, will you be able to reach it at your level?
She will.
It's not that dangerous of an area.
Have you been seduced by her, too?
From what I can see, you're not very strong.
Let's go.
Why is she so mean to me?
Is SAO the first MMO you've played?
Yes.
Regardless of the game,
many players act differently online.
Amongst them, some choose to act as villains.
See how our player indicators are green?
If you commit a crime, your indicator will turn orange.
And the worst of that bunch are player killers.
They're people who've committed murder and are known as "red players".
Murder?!
In a normal game,
you could find entertainment in playing as a villain.
However, Sword Art Online can't be treated the same way.
This world isn't all fun and games.
Kirito-san...
Sorry.
Ki-Kirito-san, you're a good person!
You're my savior!
Looks like our roles got switched.
Thanks, Silica.
Huh? I wonder why our cheesecake isn't here yet.
Excuse me! We're still waiting for our dessert!
If I told him that I wanted to talk more,
would he laugh at me?
Silica, are you still awake?
Ki-Kirito-san?!
I forgot to tell you about the 47th Floor.
Would tomorrow be better?
Now's fine.
Your timing's actually perfe—
That was close.
Silica, something wrong?
No, don't mind me.
Kirito-san, what's that?
It's called a Mirage Sphere.
Beautiful!
This part is the 47th Floor's town area.
And over here is the Hill of Memories.
So this is the route we'll be taking...
Kirito—
Who's there?
What was that?
Someone was eavesdropping.
B-But sounds are supposed to be inaudible across doors unless you knock...
It's a different story if you upgrade your Hearing skill.
Not many would bother to do that though.
Why would they eavesdrop on us?
This looks like some place from a fairytale!
This floor is known as the Flower Garden
because it's nearly covered by them.
Th-This place is...
Silica?
Oh, yes!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You okay?
Oh, I'm just fine...
Let's go.
Okay.
This is...
If things get dangerous and I tell you run,
be sure to use this crystal to teleport away to a town.
But...
Promise me.
I understand.
Then let's get going.
If we follow this path, we'll reach the Hill of Memories.
Um, Kirito-san...
Calm down, Silica!
This monster's just fodder!
Ki-Kirito-san, save me!
Save me with your eyes closed!
That would be... pretty tough.
Don't look!
Y-You pollen brain!
Enough already!
Did you see it?
Nope.
Kirito-san,
would you mind telling me about your sister?
Why do you ask?
Remember how you told me I look like her?
I know it's impolite to ask about the real world...
Am I prying too much?
I said she's my little sister,
but she's actually my cousin.
We've always lived together,
so I don't think she knows.
Maybe that's why...
I've always distanced myself from her.
Our grandfather is a strict man.
When I was eight, he had us join a local kendo dojo,
but I quit after two years.
My grandfather beat me for it.
That's horrible...
Then, my sister defended me,
telling him to stop because she'd
practice enough for the both of us.
Since then, she trained hard
and even made it to the nationals.
That's amazing.
However, I've always felt guilty for it.
She could have had other things she wanted to do
and cursed me for stealing her freedom.
Perhaps saving you
was like an act of atonement.
I'm sorry.
I don't think your sister regrets her decision at all.
It's impossible to work hard for something you don't enjoy.
I'm sure she really loves kendo!
It's getting hard to tell who's helping whom.
Maybe you're right.
I hope so.
All right!
I'll do my best, too!
Ki-Kirito-san!
Ow!
Is this where the flower is?
Yeah, should be.
Take it.
I can resurrect Pina with this, right?
Yeah.
Thank goodness...
But there are a lot of strong
monsters lurking around here,
so let's wait until we're back in town.
Pina would probably prefer that, too.
Okay.
Kirito-san?
Whoever's hiding back there,
come out now.
Ro-Rosalia-san?
If you're able to see through my Hiding skill,
your Detection skill must be quite advanced, Mr. Swordsman.
Looks like you managed to get the Pneuma Flower.
Congrats.
Now... fork it over.
Wh-Why should I do that?
Not on my watch, Rosalia-san.
Or rather,
the leader of the orange guild, Titan's Hand.
But her indicator's green!
It's a simple strategy.
The green members find prey
and lead them into an ambush of orange players.
The guy who eavesdropped on us yesterday was one of your men, right?
Then she partied with me for those two weeks because...
Exactly.
I was assessing the strength of each party member
and waiting for them to accumulate more money.
It was regrettable that you, my most anticipated prey, left the party.
But then you told me that you were going after a rare item.
Yet, despite knowing all of this, you still stuck with her.
Are you retarded?
Or have you really been seduced by her?
No, I have an entirely different reason.
I've actually been searching for you, Rosalia-san.
What nonsense are you spouting?
You assaulted a guild called "Silver Flags" ten days ago, didn't you?
Four members were killed,
leaving only the leader alive.
Oh, I remember those hobos.
Their leader went to the plaza near the Teleport Gate at the front lines
and camped there all day and night, begging for someone to avenge his friends.
But rather than wishing death upon your guild,
he only asked that you guys be thrown into prison.
Can you understand how he must have felt?
Of course not.
He sounds like an idiot for taking it so seriously.
It's not like it's been proved that death here applies in the real world, too.
Besides, you don't have the luxury to be worrying about others right now.
Kirito-san, there are too many of them!
Let's get out of here!
Don't worry.
Stand back and ready the crystal in case I tell you to run.
Okay.
B-But...
Kirito-san!
Kirito?
Black clothes...
A shieldless, one-handed sword user.
He looks like...
the Black Swordsman.
Rosalia-san, this guy's...
a beater that survives in the front lines, all by himself.
He's part of the clearing group!
Clearing group?
There's no way someone from the clearing group would be here!
Come on, cut him down and loot his dead body!
Die!
I have to save him... Kirito-san...
What's going on?
What are you punks doing?!
Kill him already!
Around 400 damage every ten seconds, huh?
That's the damage output that the seven of you can muster.
I'm Level 78.
I have 14,500 HP.
The health regeneration effect of my Battle Healing skill
restores 600 HP every ten seconds.
You guys can hack at me all day and it wouldn't do a thing.
Is that even possible?
It is.
A mere increase in numbers can
create a ridiculous gap in strength.
That's the unfair reality of an MMORPG leveling system.
My client spent every penny he had to buy this.
A teleport crystal.
The teleport point's been set to the prison area.
That's where you'll all be going!
Your indicator will turn orange if you attack me, a green play—
Remember, I'm a solo player.
Having an orange indicator for a day or two means nothing to me.
Sorry, Silica...
I ended up using you as bait.
I thought you'd be scared if I was straight with you.
You're a good person,
so I would've trusted you.
Are you leaving now?
Yeah, I've been away from the front lines for five days now.
I need to hurry back.
Th-The clearing group is pretty amazing, huh?
No matter how many years I train, I'll never be able to join it.
Um...
I...
Levels are nothing more than numbers.
Strength in this world is just an illusion.
There are more important things.
Next time, let's meet in the real world.
When we do, it'll be as friends, just like now.
Right.
I'm sure we will!
Now, let's resurrect Pina.
Yeah!
Pina...
I'll be sure to tell you lots and lots of stories, okay?
About my amazing adventure today...
And about the one day in my life that I had a big brother.
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru